API Generator: Add support for MikroORM custom types (#3744)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/cool-knives-move.md

> ---
> "@comet/api-generator": minor
> "@comet/cms-api": minor
> ---
> 
> Allow passing custom InputType for CrudField

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@comet/api-generator": minor
---

Add input support for custom mikro-orm types, the `@Field` type must also be an `@InputType`
```
